
Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits.
When Chuck Norris goes hiking, Grizzly bears look out for him.
Chuck Norris wears a hat to protect the sun.
Cats are known to have chuck-like reflexes.
When Chuck Norris goes swimming in the ocean, the sharks get out of the water.
Chuck Norris once counted to infinity, twice.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
If Chuck Norris is running late, time better slow the fuck down.
If opportunity knocks and Chuck Norries is not at home, opportunity waits.
Chuck Norris is suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademark names for his left and right legs.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris can eat soup with chopsticks.
Whooo let the dogs out, who, whoo, whoo? ... Chuck Norris did.
Chuck Norris can take his money to the grave.
How much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood? ... however much Chuck Norris told it too.
The country of France once surrendered to Chuck Norris after seeing a rerun of Delta Force on TV.
In his last divorce case, family court awarded Chuck Norris all his kids, the house, cars, along with his x-wife and her two sisters.
Which came 1st, the chicken or the egg? ... Chuck Norris came first, then the chicken & eggs about same time, then his breakfast of scrambled eggs and fried chicken.
Before the Boogeyman goes to sleep, he checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't get wet, water gets chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's Secret.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird!
Time is running. It is fleeing from Chuck Norris.
The answer to the question how many pushups Chuck Norris can do is: All of them!
Chuck Norris once made fire by rubbing two ice cubes.
When Chuck Norris needs to relax, he joins the army.
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi trucks gas tank for fun that truck is now known as Optimus Prime
Chuck Norris killed 50 bad guys with 2 bullets. The first bullet was a warning shot.
Jesus can walk on water, but only Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris can parallel park a train.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear rug in his bedroom.  It's not dead. It's just too scared to move.
"Death had a near Chuck Norris experience once"
When chuck Norris turned 18 his parents asked permission from him to move out of his house
There are no Chuck Norris jokes. Only Chuck Norris facts.
Chuck Norris once went to a feminist rally. He returned with 3 ironed shirts and a sandwich.
Chuck Norris does not flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it!
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
He once got bitten by a venomous snake. And after 5 days of excruciating pain, the snake died
When 9-1-1 has an emergency, it calls Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris throws a grenade. . 50 people died. ..... Then the granade exploded.



